 ▐▛███▛█   Claude Code v2.1.294
▝▜██████▀  Opus 5.5 · Claude Pro
 ▝▝   ▝▝   ~/projects/taskTreeCover/property-manager


❯ /clear                                                                        

❯ /plan-review list-filters-in-url                                              
  ⎿  Running in the background as @plan-review

● Agent "/plan-review list-filters-in-url" finished · 1m 5s

● I finished the review of the list-filters-in-url plan and saved it to
  context/changes/list-filters-in-url/plan-review.md. The verdict is ready with 
  notes: nothing blocks it, but there is one major finding and four minor ones.

  Major
  1. One existing test will fail, but the plan says all tests pass unchanged
     (plan.md:17). The test "a whitespace-only %s is a blank filter" in
     ListPage.test.tsx:275-291 expects a second request after you click Apply on
     a whitespace-only value. With the plan's URL code, that value is dropped,
     so the URL doesn't change and no second request is sent. The plan should
     list this test as one that changes. It should also note the new behaviour:
     a blank Apply no longer reloads the list.

  Minor
  2. Changing the sort clears typed but unapplied filter text. The plan resets
  the form whenever the URL changes. Today that text survives a sort change.
  Resetting only when the filter part of the URL changes would keep it.
  3. Back can seem to do nothing. Every Apply adds a browser history entry, even
  when the URL stays the same.
  4. The planned Back test would be flaky. The list is reloaded in the
  background after Back, so the test should check the last request and the rows
  shown, not the exact list of requests.
  5. The roadmap edits are already done. The S-07 row and the #9 note are in
  context/roadmap.md but not committed yet. The plan still lists them as work to
  do; they can go into the Phase 1 commit.

  The files, line numbers and functions the plan names all match the code. The
  current React Router docs confirm the plan uses useSearchParams correctly. The
  plan also follows the "exactly one invalid field" rule from
  context/lessons.md.

  You can update plan.md for finding 1 (and 2–5 if you want them).
  Implementation starts only after you approve the plan.

✻ Baked for 6s · done 12:56 PM