 ▐▛███▛█   Claude Code v2.1.294
▝▜██████▀  Opus 5.5 · Claude Pro
 ▝▝   ▝▝   ~/projects/taskTreeCover/property-manager


❯ /clear                                                                        

❯ /review list-pagination                                                       
  ⎿  Running in the background as @review

● Agent "/review list-pagination" finished · 2m 40s

● The /review list-pagination run has finished. The verdict is APPROVE, with one
  minor finding.

  Gates: typecheck, lint and the full pnpm test (626 tests, including the
  Testcontainers integration tests) all pass.

  Plan vs diff: every file in the plan was changed as the plan describes, and
  all three deviations are logged. The review also tested two things beyond
  reading the code:
  - It removed the "data has loaded" guard from the past-the-end check, and 6
    tests failed. It then put the guard back.
  - It confirmed that the two survivors marked "equivalent" in mutation.md
    really are equivalent, because the API trims the city and zip filters
    itself.

  R1 (minor): keyboard focus is lost after Previous or Next
  (apps/web/src/pages/ListPage.tsx:206, :219)
  - What happens: while the next page loads, the button you just pressed is
    disabled. Chromium then moves focus to the page body and doesn't bring it
    back.
  - Effect: a keyboard user has to tab through the filter form and every row to
    reach Next again. The reviewer reproduced this in Chromium.
  - Suggested fix: while loading, use aria-disabled and return early from the
    click handler. Keep the real disabled for the first and last page.

  The review is in context/changes/list-pagination/review.md, and S-08 in
  context/roadmap.md is now marked review.

  Your call on R1: pick one of these, and I'll update its Decision: line:
  - fix
  - defer (log it as a follow-up in the plan's Deviations)
  - reject (with a one-line reason)
  - make it a rule (add it to context/lessons.md)

  I'd fix it: it's a small change and a real accessibility problem. After that,
  S-08 still needs to be marked done with a Closes #10 commit.

✻ Crunched for 6s · done 4:04 PM