 ▐▛███▛█   Claude Code v2.1.294
▝▜██████▀  Opus 5.5 · Claude Pro
 ▝▝   ▝▝   ~/projects/taskTreeCover/property-manager


❯ /clear                                                                        

❯ /plan-review demo-seed-data                                                   
  ⎿  Running in the background as @plan-review

● Agent "/plan-review demo-seed-data" finished · 1m 34s

● The plan review for demo-seed-data came back NEEDS CHANGES. The only blocker
  is that the plan doesn't list any seed addresses yet. The rest of the design
  checked out, and the reviewer expects READY WITH NOTES once the addresses are
  added. The full review is in context/changes/demo-seed-data/plan-review.md,
  and plan.md hasn't been edited.

  Blocker: The plan needs 3–6 real addresses. About 5 Zillow addresses would do.
  Until they're in, /implement can't finish the single Closes #13 commit. The
  risk that an address near a state border gets placed in the wrong state (R-03)
  can't be checked either.

  Minor findings:
  1. Error codes: The seed only accepts error codes from ERROR_CODES. An error
     from GraphQL Yoga itself, such as GRAPHQL_VALIDATION_FAILED, would show up
     as "unexpected response" and the server's message would be lost. Accepting
     any string code fixes this.
  2. Non-2xx responses: These are reported only by status code, but Yoga can
     send a 4xx with a GraphQL errors body. The seed should read that body
     first, or send accept: application/json.
  3. Uniqueness test: It has to lower-case street and city to match the
     duplicate rule. The shared address schema keeps case, so two addresses that
     differ only in case would get through.
  4. "Never runs automatically" test: It doesn't scan e2e/global-setup.ts,
     e2e/compose.ts or the hooks in .claude/settings.json. The first two already
     run shell commands before the e2e tests.
  5. Import rules: Nothing stops src/seed/ from importing API layers, because
     the ESLint rules (eslint.config.ts:49-105) cover only the layer folders.
     One extra rule block would close that gap.
  6. Integration test: The plan doesn't say it injects a fake sleep, so the test
     could really wait 1.5 s. The command-line entry point's normal run is also
     untested. The reviewer says that's acceptable, since migrate-cli.ts was
     accepted the same way.

  The reviewer also checked every file, symbol and command the plan cites
  against the code and found no mismatches.

  Next step: send me about 5 addresses and I'll add them to the plan. I can fold
  in findings 1–6 at the same time, then you can re-run /plan-review 
  demo-seed-data.

✻ Cooked for 10s · done 5:10 PM