 ▐▛███▛█   Claude Code v2.1.294
▝▜██████▀  Opus 5.5 · Claude Pro
 ▝▝   ▝▝   ~/projects/taskTreeCover/property-manager


❯ /clear                                                                        

❯ /plan-review ui-polish                                                        
  ⎿  Running in the background as @plan-review

● Agent "/plan-review ui-polish" finished · 2m 42s

● The plan review for ui-polish is done. The verdict is ready with notes:
  nothing blocks it, but there is one major finding and seven minor ones. The
  review is in context/changes/ui-polish/plan-review.md, and plan.md is
  unchanged.

  Major
  - The creation date disappears on phones. Decision D-2 hides the "Created"
    column below 560 px, but FR-11 AC1 (a Must) requires the date on every row,
    and the views must work down to 400 px. No automated test would catch this.
    You can either show the date as a third line in the address cell on small
    screens, or record it as an accepted deviation, since D-2 was your call.

  Minor
  1. Temperature test: the details page shows "82 °F" with the unit in a nested
     span. Testing Library's default getByText won't match text split like that,
     so the plan should say how the test checks it.
  2. List icon test: the weather icon in the list has empty alt text, so
     getByRole('img') can't find it. The plan should name a different query.
  3. Air quality card rule untested: the new rule (show the card if any row or
     the badge has a value) has no test. One case should cover a snapshot where
     only the EPA index is set.
  4. Badge placement: the badge has to sit next to the Air quality heading, not
     inside it, or the heading-list test breaks.
  5. Renames without a decision row: "Moon illumination" becomes "Illumination",
     "Astronomy" becomes "Sun and moon", and the "US EPA index" row becomes a
     badge. Listing them would let the test rewrite be checked against them.
  6. Wrong line numbers: the plan cites DetailsPage.tsx:122-212, but the file is
     only 207 lines long; the actual range is 119–193.
  7. Checks:
     - Phase 1 changes the nav that the e2e test clicks, but doesn't run pnpm 
       e2e.
     - Phase 2's codegen check uses git status --porcelain, which lists changed
       files but not the diff.

  Everything else the plan cites checks out, including the Tailwind 4 @theme
  claims against current docs.

  Next step: decide how to handle D-2, then revise plan.md with the minor fixes
  before implementation starts.

✻ Cooked for 16s · done 6:13 PM