Objective
Build the full stack application that allows management of records of
properties, as GraphQL API. During the creation of the property, API call
shall be made to Weatherstack API (endpoint:
https://api.weatherstack.com/current) in order to grab current weather for
the location of the property. The task shall be completed mostly with AI-first
workflows.
User Stories
1. As a user I can query all the properties.
2. As a user I am able to sort the properties by date of creation.
3. As a user, I’m able to filter the properties list by their city, zip code
and state, where they are located.
4. As a user, I can query details of any property.
5. As a user, I can add a new property (assumption - all properties are
within the United States).
6. As a user, I can delete any property
7. Property properties should include:
a. id (whatever format you prefer - created automatically during
creation on the Backend/Database side)
b. city (passed via GraphQL mutation argument on creation, ex:
Fountain Hills)
c. street (passed via GraphQL mutation argument on creation,
containing both street and property number - ex: 15528 E
Golden Eagle Blvd)
d. state (passed via GraphQL mutation argument on creation,
abbreviation, ex: AZ)
e. zipCode (passed via GraphQL mutation argument on creation,
5 digit one, ex: 85268)
f. weatherData (object containing “current” property from
Weatherstack API call - the third party API call shall be made
during Mutation call, which creates new property)
g. lat (latitude, which you can get as part of API response - the
third party API call shall be made during Mutation call, which
creates new property, ex: 33.609)
h. long (longtitude, which you can get as part of API response -
the third party API call shall be made during Mutation call,
which creates new property, ex: -111.729)
Notes
● This should produce a running application. Please include a
README with instructions on how to run the application.
● Make sure to call the third party API only during creation of the
property (as part of the GraphQL Mutation).
● We use TypeScript/Node JS for our backend and React/TypeScript
for the frontend, so we would like you to use it for the assessment.
● Please feel free to use any database that you find suitable
● Please feel free to employ the stack you can be most efficient and
elegant with.
● Include the full AI setup you’ve used, no matter whether that’s skills,
prompts, agents, MCP servers or others.
● TIP: You can use https://zillow.com as a database of addresses for
testing purposes.
Assessment criteria:
● Code smells, usage of design patterns, coding standards and best
practices, complexity of various kinds.
● Right selection of right technologies/libraries.
● Completion of the scope.
● Quality of the AI harness and prompts used for the assessment.
Delivery mechanism:
1. Please create a public Github/Gitlab repo with the above codebase.
a. Make sure to also share the AI sessions, so that we are able to
see the prompts and the progress you’ve made using your
favourite AI tool.
2. Demonstrate in a code walkthrough session when scheduled.
